hello to all the friends these maestros
88 player I hope you are well
and today we find ourselves for a
new video on fifa 15 months
today no gameplay since we get
found su for the third episode
is the last episode of my series on
the most promising young players
of fifa 15 they are under 21 years old
with a potential greater than 85 and
start right now with mass hashim
turn 66 of general and 88.2 potential yes
you heard of the guys 88
he has 22 points of possible progression
so it's just huge it's really
simply huge
he plays a kite he is only 16 years old he
plays offensive midfielder he can play too
attacker he can play left at
right really very versatile he has
already proved quite a lot even though
he's still not a great player
hence its overall rating but it really
a potential is huge if you want
a versatile player at that position is
really cheap I advise you
because in two three years of career
he can become really good so that's it
I absolutely recommend this player
continue with brill Mbolo 73.2
general and 87 potential there too
it is heavy
he plays the fc basel therefore an accused 17
years very good attackers especially for
his age he is not very versatile he
was really a good to the players a
big improvement margin he did
good land this last season
so here's an attacker that I will
absolutely advises 87.2 general it
there are not many on the market
especially at this price of 87.2 potential
let's talk so that's really a good
attacker
we continue with ross barkley 78.2
general and 86.2 potential so I had
does a video about him it's really a
excellent player a very good middle of
very versatile terrain he can play in
6 in a system in 4-2-3-1 he that joy
really say a good player he has 20
years so that's why he has
general already higher
that the latter should see and they
play at everton even though the rains by
a lot of clubs including manchester
city ​​so here's in any case it's a
very good environment that I advise you
absolutely also for your fashion
career we continue with timo werner
71.2 general and 86.2 potential there too
the 15 points of progress margin
so it's really a lot
he can play winger he can play
attacker he can play in nine
he can play from left to right it's
really a very good player especially
he is only 18 he plays stuttgart
I know him not long ago and
he's really a good player
I watched some videos of him he
make big games this season so
I recommend it absolutely
continue with aymeric cham 73.2
general and 86.2 potential you the
maybe know more easily
because he plays at liverpool and he has
did last two seasons earlier
rather successful even though he has not yet
proven great things that's why
that he has only 73 of general for 20 years
it's not huge but it has a big
potential
so here it is really a player that
I advise you he can play too
defensive midfielder as a defender so a
versatile player
we see there is really a good player
but especially for liverpool who wanted
recruit it and will not cost very much and
we finish with adnan januzaj 75.2
general and 86 potential for
only 19 years old who plays right wing
he is not very versatile he is
left-handed but it's excellent it's
really especially on fifa you can
do a lot of things with him it's
really a very good player and I think
that it will not cost much if you
want to recruit him and he progresses very
quickly so here it is really a
excellent player if we do if you
playing a little bit he can
really go up and reach his 86's
potential so here is na nga we have a
player to recruit absolutely if you
look for a good level right winger
so here I hope that this video you
liked it was the last of my little
series I 'll maybe make a surface
is good here I 'll see anyway
do not forget to leave a like
comments and subscribe to my channel
we are more and more numerous
always so much pleasure and me that we
find again very quickly for new
football videos and grings on my
chain hi to all